Written by Solomark_AU::LinkDevCodes,Shanyu1218,Herobrine6265
The story is so moving that even the silly zy has been moved.


Shanyu is f*cking 2BQ!

2BQ has been f*ck to much leading into death.

So he ask the Herobrine for help to give 2BQ rebirth。

Shanyu's level is too low, so he is ought to f*ck 2BQ.

Beacuse of f*cking 2BQ too much, Shanyu become the master of f*cking 2BQ.

Then, Shanyu set up the organiztion called 2BQ F*CKING UNION.

The union hold up the compitation called IF2BQR(InterNational F*cking 2BQ Race).

Because 2BQ can self-submitted, so he has the greatest speed of f*cking 2BQ.

Therefore, 2BQ get the champion model of IF2BQR. Everyone in Solomark AU celebrated 2BQ for his good talent in f*cking 2BQ.

The F*cking 2BQ master Shanyu cannot bear that 2BQ is the champion of IF2BQR, so he ask help for LinkDevCodes.

So Link program in C++ to make a virtual 2BQ to let Shanyu practise on it. It is said that "Practice makes perfect".

Because Shanyu practices f*cking 2BQ every day, he became the most promising champion in the second IF2BQR.

And the entire Solomark AU cheered and cheered for him.

However, in the previous IF2BQR competition,
2BQ self-submitted and produced a large number of offspring with a trait segregation ratio of 9:3:3:1,
all of whom came to help their father to f*ck 2BQ.

They relied on their numerical advantage to accelerate their speed and defeated the master Shanyu to win the championship again.

Due to their excessive speed,they generated a large amount of heat and had to add coolant to 2BQ throughout the competition to ensure it was f*cked properly.

Link said that "Shanyu have not practiced enough to beat the last IF2BQR champion 2BQ in the race this time".

But now, a person called Herobrine6265 came, he is the last Champion of the F2BQR that be held before 1000 years ago.

He practiced his f*cking 2BQ skills for 1000 years in a secret realm called Computer Room 5 in order to win the championship of the new era.

He is of great confidence to win the champion so he came to the court nakedly.

Incredibly,he didn't win .Why?

Because his F*cking-2BQ-Skill is too old to beat other compepitors who f*ck 2BQ with stepping motors.

He decided to update his equipments to the highest-tech tools.Do you know what he has used?

At first,he trained an AI-based model to accurately judge which position is the most proper to f*ck in.

Additionally,he connected it to a machine to control it to f*ck in 2BQ without consideration.

Finally,because of 2BQ's special body which could bear lots of babies,he came up with a wise method -- He persuaded 2BQ's babies to f*ck their father together.

To be continued...(2024/7/4)
